Hello and welcome back to English from
the ground up. My name is Kenzo and in
this video you will acquire English
naturally by watching, listening, and
following along as I play Minecraft
Hardcore.
Let's do it. So, first of all, I changed
around the chest room a little bit. I
added signs. signs that say what's
inside the chests. So, inside this
chest, there's stone.
Stone. And inside this chest, there's
soil.
So, here we have gravel, dirt. Uh, I
would put sand in this chest. So, now
I've organized my items in these chests.
I still need to build signs for this
side, but I'll do that in the future.
Uh, it's night time. I'm going to go to
sleep. It's morning. I have one more
thing to show you, and it's down here
down the long staircase. I did a little
bit of mining on the Discord community.
I took this staircase all the way down
to bedrock. And along the way, I found
some diamonds. I found diamonds here. I
found diamonds here. And I also found
diamonds down this tunnel. Let's mine
these diamonds. Let's see how many
diamonds we found. There's five
diamonds.
All right, it looks like there's one
diamond right here.
So, there's six diamonds now. I think
there were diamonds down this tunnel.
Nope. Never mind. No diamonds down this
tunnel.
This was a really long tunnel. And
there's at least one diamond right here.
Let's see.
Just one.
Just one diamond. Okay, so we found
seven diamonds. I found seven diamonds
while playing on Discord. All right,
we're back to the surface. Let's go to
sleep. Let's take our diamonds and let's
put them in the valuable chest.
These are all of my valuable items.
Let's take the diamonds and let's put
them in here. This was my first pickaxe.
This is very valuable. And I also found
a trident, an enchanted trident, but
it's almost broken. And also,
uh, this user in the comments told me
what the load stone does. I'm going to
break this cobblestone
and I'll replace it with the load stone.
Now, we have to build a compass. We need
four iron ingots. We'll have to build
one more using these nuggets. And we'll
also need a redstone dust. One redstone
dust. Okay, let's build one iron ingot.
There we go. Now we have four. So, we
can build a compass. Here it is. The
compass. Let's build a compass. So,
right now, this compass is pointing me
this way. It's pointing me
this direction because it's pointing
where I originally spawned in this
world, which was this way. But I want
the compass to point me back to my
house. And I can do that using the load
stone.
Uh
there we go. Now the compass is pointing
towards the load stone.
So, my compass will point me to my home.
I'm also going to break these torches.
Break. Break. Let's build a lantern.
And let's place it right here. There we
go. The lantern looks better. I also
want to craft some armor stands for the
corners.
Let's do it. Armor stand. What do we
need? We need some sticks and a smooth
stone slab.
And we're almost there. Three. There we
go. Now, let's take our smooth stone and
turn them into smooth stone slabs. Okay.
Now, we can build an armor stand. We
just need sticks. Sticks will be in the
wood chest
because they're made of wood. Let's
build two armor stands. One. too. Cool.
I'm going to place a slab right here and
a slab right here. And on top of the
slabs, we'll place the armor stands.
One and two. There we go.
And I'm going to give my first pickaxe
to this armor stand.
Let's take my first pickaxe
and let's give it to the armor stand.
Now it's holding the pickaxe. All right.
Now, I want to build a farm. I want to
plant some of these seeds that I've
found. I have an idea for an interesting
farm, but I'm going to need a lot of
dirt.
Let's pick up some dirt. I'm going to
need more dirt. Let's build an iron
shovel. I'm going to collect a bunch of
dirt.
Place another torch and I'll pick up all
this dirt. And I think that should be
enough. Oh, it's night time. Let's go to
sleep. I'm going to build a stone
cutter.
How do you build a stone cutter?
Here it is. Uh, three stone and one iron
ingot. Here I have some stone.
Three stone and one iron ingot. Let's
build the stone cutter. And I'll place
the stone cutter on top of the crafting
table. I have a bunch of deep slate.
Let's take some of this deep slate. And
using the stone cutter, I'll turn this
cobbled deep slate into
um some polished deep slate.
I turned all of the cobbled deep slate
into polished deep slate. And lastly,
I'm going to craft some fences.
Um let's do bamboo fences. Let's build a
bunch of bamboo fences. Okay, we built
57 bamboo fences. We'll probably need
more. I'm going to build my farm in the
ocean. The first farm I'll build right
here. Let's get out of the boat. I'm
going to dig up this sand and replace it
with dirt.
And we'll replace it with dirt.
I'm going to make a circle.
All right. I've built the circle. Now I
need to fill it in with dirt.
Okay, halfway done
and finished. There we go. I've built a
dirt circle. Now I'm going to get some
of my polished deep slate and I'll place
some around the outside
like this.
Uh-oh. Hey, no. Die.
A baby drowned.
Okay,
I'll place some like this. Hey,
I'll place some like this.
Oh, Minecraft.
Oh, hello parrot.
Hello parrot.
Parrot.
Parrot. Go away.
Go away.
Parrot.
Now I've placed the polished deep slate
all around
the outside.
Now I'll place some fences.
Fences.
And I'm going to need more fences.
Yep, I'm out of fences. I'll place a
torch here. And I'll place a torch here.
Okay, I'm going to get back in my boat
and I'm going to sail home. Let's go to
sleep.
And let's pick up some potatoes.
Let's plant some potatoes in this farm.
Let's also build some fence gates. Okay,
let's get in our boat and let's sail
over to the farm. Here we are. Let's get
off the boat. Let's get our fences and
let's finish the fence.
There we go. The fence is finished. Now,
let's place these gates. We'll put one
here,
one here,
one here, and one here. We'll have four
fence gates.
And there we go. I forgot two things. I
forgot a hoe and a bucket.
Let's go back home. Here's my bucket.
It has lava in it. and let's build a
copper hoe. For right now, I'm going to
place the lava
right here. Here we are.
I'm going to fill my bucket with water.
And here in the middle, I'll place the
water.
Now, I'll use the copper hoe and I'll
till the soil.
Ooh, what was that sound?
The sun's going down.
All right, and I've tilled all the soil
now. I'll take the potatoes
and I'll start planting them.
Let's plant some potatoes. I planted all
the potatoes. Now I just need to wait
for them to grow.
And I'm going to end this episode right
here. Like and subscribe. And if these
videos are being helpful to you, I have
a coffee page where you could make a
donation to help support this channel.
Thanks for watching and I will see you
in the next video. See you. I alone and
I feel just right. Wow.
Is this the best it's ever been?
Is your life messing?